projects/Remilia_Addiction/README.md, before:

# Remilia's [A]ddiction 

## Notes
- We gonna make this one spicy, bois. Turn everything up to 100 and try to do lots of fx.
- If can find a thematicaly matching flan (wtf am I saying- use sakuya), use her in "cutscenes" in MV-esque fashion.
- Song breakdown
	- 4 measure intro
	- 16 measure A section
		- Move remi to roof on second half. On last measure of second half, fly away while fading away to transition to below
	- 8 measure bridge <- "cutscene" with non dance motions? Matching F̶l̶a̶n̶ Sakuya model?
	- 16 measure chorus
	- 4 measure intro '
	- 16 measure A '
	- 8 measure bridge
	- 16 measure chorus
	- 16 measure B section <- show off on cinematographics/fast movements
	- 8 measure bridge
	- 16 measure chorus/outro
- Change camera angle/position every 2-6 beats opting to change on the downbeat or the three.
- Repetition Legitimizes. Use similar but short camera motions in repetition to set a motif. Short "burst" slides, for example. Reset distance to model but change position and repeat general motion.
- Consider "weird angles" (upside down, sideways) for short scenes 
- Generally consider more "non standard" angles. My "default" angles and positions are getting boring/repetitive.
- For fast sections can utilize camera spins more? (Z axis)
- For scene lengths, consider utilizing 2, 4, and 6 beat scenes to portray the "fast", "medium" and "slow" sections of the songs.
- If choreo around face (hand motions?) consider closeup to capture that

## Issues/Todos
- Move position to somewhere on roof for headboom?? Jump between pillars? Idk, get her out from in front.
- follow hand motion more with "midoku notoku to rabukoru"
- Head tilt looks bad. Attach camera to a bone in the face/head area temporarily for tilt?

## MME/Ideas
- When releasing genso v3 trailer also thrown in a "also check out" at the end of trailer for like 10 seconds with excerpts from this video with fade in/outs. High quality shit.
- Start putting in cutscenes of non-dance choreo in "flashes" with fx transitions (screen tear, fade transition, etc)
- Yo, I could make a small stage in minecraft and export that as a second stage model to use in the bridge or smth.
	- Consider using ampitheater in the back too tho
- Utilize shadow fx more
- use ground fog in sequeneces of scenes with color distortion. Snappy camera movements, esp when catching  the ground fog. Bonus if can find choreo of Remilia pointing down.

Commit message:

Clean up up to :27. Start messing with bridge 'cutscenes'

projects/Remilia_Addiction/README.md, after:

# Remilia's [A]ddiction 

## Notes
- We gonna make this one spicy, bois. Turn everything up to 100 and try to do lots of fx.
- If can find a thematicaly matching flan (wtf am I saying- use sakuya), use her in "cutscenes" in MV-esque fashion.
- Song breakdown
	- 4 measure intro
	- 16 measure A section
		- Move remi to roof on second half. On last measure of second half, fly away while fading away to transition to below
	- 8 measure bridge <- "cutscene" with non dance motions? Matching F̶l̶a̶n̶ Sakuya model?
		- Four "scenes" - 2 measures each.
		- Scene 1-2: Scenic shots of SDM. (Consider 2 beats instead of 4 to get 4 shots in)
		- Scene 3: Remi sillhouette on moon
		- Scene 4: Remi on bridge outside her room or center pillar with full moon in background. Eyes closed. Zoom in/open eyes on last 2 beats.
			- ぽろなう用ポーズ 05-11?
	- 16 measure chorus
	- 4 measure intro '
	- 16 measure A '
	- 8 measure bridge
		- Continuing earlier bridge. Same format
		- Scene 1: Remi holding/pulling Sakuya's hand (Standing facing each other, sakuya one hand out, remi both hands out clasping sakuya hand)
				- Remi: 来て。
				- Remi: Come.
		- Scene 2: ???
		- Scene 3: Remi and Sakuya on bed? (something leading up to final scene
)		- Scene 4: Remi whispering 'I'm addicted to you' to Sakuya. Remi head on Sakuya's shoulder from behind, whispering into her ear.
				- Remi: 私、咲夜中毒かも。。。
				- Remi: I think I'm addicted to you...
	- 16 measure chorus
	- 16 measure B section <- show off on cinematographics/fast movements
	- 8 measure bridge
		- Some other "cutscene" or some other new format?
	- 16 measure chorus/outro
	- SCRAPPED
		- For first bridge, original thoughts:
		- Scene 4: Remi on bridge outside her room with full moon in background. Eyes closed. Zoom in/open eyes on last 2 beats.
			- No dialogue 
			- ぽろなう用ポーズ 05-11?
		- Scene 2: Sakuya doing chores or something. Nonchalant.
			- No dialogue
		- Scene 3: Camera facing Remi's back, walking towards Sakuya. Sakuya back turned
			- No dialogue
		- Scene 4: Remi grabbing/surprising Sakuya from behind. More of a sensual grab than a "haguuu~" hug
			- Remi: ねえ、咲夜。。。
			- Remi: Hey, Sakuya...
- Change camera angle/position every 2-6 beats opting to change on the downbeat or the three.
- Repetition Legitimizes. Use similar but short camera motions in repetition to set a motif. Short "burst" slides, for example. Reset distance to model but change position and repeat general motion.
- Consider "weird angles" (upside down, sideways) for short scenes 
- Generally consider more "non standard" angles. My "default" angles and positions are getting boring/repetitive.
- For fast sections can utilize camera spins more? (Z axis)
- For scene lengths, consider utilizing 2, 4, and 6 beat scenes to portray the "fast", "medium" and "slow" sections of the songs.
- If choreo around face (hand motions?) consider closeup to capture that
- Generally try to make changes on a per-axis basis. Eg if I want a longer scene to spin z axis, as long as I only modify z axis and I want a y axis spin halfway through that longer scene, I can make adjustments to the y axis while retaining the rate of change on z axis from the longer scene. Kinda like inheritence in a way lol

## Issues/Todos
- Move position to somewhere on roof for headboom?? Jump between pillars? Idk, get her out from in front.
- Head tilt looks bad. Attach camera to a bone in the face/head area temporarily for tilt?
	- This looks a lot better now but could still improve?

## MME/Ideas
- This is gonna be a pain but I think I can try to hack a shin-esque flan model together with pmxe (Or just sakuya...)
- When releasing genso v3 trailer also thrown in a "also check out" at the end of trailer for like 10 seconds with excerpts from this video with fade in/outs. High quality shit.
- Start putting in cutscenes of non-dance choreo in "flashes" with fx transitions (screen tear, fade transition, etc)
- Yo, I could make a small stage in minecraft and export that as a second stage model to use in the bridge or smth.
	- Consider using ampitheater in the back too tho
- Utilize shadow fx more
- use ground fog in sequeneces of scenes with color distortion. Snappy camera movements, esp when catching  the ground fog. Bonus if can find choreo of Remilia pointing down.
