projects/Eru_Kimiiro_ni_Somaru/README.md, before:

# 君色に染まる (Kimiiro ni Somaru)

### Ideas/Notes:
- Generally watch for when bg and fg are both moving quickly. Hard on the eyes and difficult to focus. (Eg, bg and face are both moving in shot a lot such that both are getting blurred.)
- Generally watch out for cam movements with too high a velocity. Hard on the eyes.
- Generally if head is moving in one direction, don't move camera along same axis...? Or maybe do... test.
- 0:51, start camera with fast velocity to match previous scene "lift off" and decelerate to current vel.
	- Nah. Wrong direction. Maybe with a cut matching same angle.
- Less jerky motions. Lessen the acceleration on zoom-ins.
- use kirakira_z or HanaParticle sect3
- Use clothes change in transitions? The cardigan-less look on Eru is yeee
	- Oops I need to edit the models for that. (Eru needs bare arms filled in under cardigan)
- Add MME FX?
- Need to watch whole thing through more rather than AB repeating small sections. Losing sight of overall feel by tunnel visioning.

### Issues:
- 2:03, work on smoothing that head movement a bit more
- Middle section in general feels a bit restless. Use more no motion or minimal motion shots.
- First section has a lot of excessively fast zooms
- 0:08, I don't think legs bend like that.
- なんか微妙に赤い。,

### Subtitle notes:
- Some kind of interesting kfx for rhythmically interesting parts?
	- Eg `ああ、好きだよ、好きだよ、好きだよって伝えたい`
	- Kind of a pain in the ass.

### TODOS:
- KFX the title subs with some syl fx. Shiny slide fadein?
	- Dissolve away into white dust/glitter?

### History:
- 2020/05/11 - Mostly adjusting framing and interpolation values to be less jerky. No new scenes.
- 2020/05/16 - Added camera movements for 0:55-1:11. Adjusted exposure for lighting. More interpolation changes.
- 2020/05/18 - How 2 mmd-ray. Added DoF. Lots of mmd-ray adjustments.
- 2020/05/20 - New stage. Minor vmd adjustments. Lighting adjustments. Accidentally removed all interpolation...
- 2020/05/21 - Add second stage. Add cam movements 1:11-1:51. Unlimited Lighting Works. Add particle fx. Readd accidentally removed interpolation.
- 2020/05/22 - 1:51-2:15 cam movement. Add third stage. Doing _something_ from 2:15-2:22... Fixed a bunch of weird bone positions on Eru. Lots of small tweaks.
- 2020/05/24 - That 2:15 thing was never gonna work rip. Fixed weird clothes physics bug. More camera interpolation. Clean up. Many (failed) attempts at MME FX.
- 2020/05/25 - Finish up first iteration of camera motions. Last 30 seconds needs a lot more refining. The lighting never ends.
- 2020/05/26 - Smooth out a ton of motions. General cleanup and fine adjustments.
- 2020/05/27 - Fixed some issues. Made third section a bit less restless. Got a basic workflow for adding kfx layer.
- 2020/05/28 - Lots of VirtualDub fuckery. Add subtitles/credits via kfx.

Commit message:

Fix up remaining weird motions

projects/Eru_Kimiiro_ni_Somaru/README.md, after:

# 君色に染まる (Kimiiro ni Somaru)

### Ideas/Notes:
- Generally watch for when bg and fg are both moving quickly. Hard on the eyes and difficult to focus. (Eg, bg and face are both moving in shot a lot such that both are getting blurred.)
- Generally watch out for cam movements with too high a velocity. Hard on the eyes.
- Generally if head is moving in one direction, don't move camera along same axis...? Or maybe do... test.
- 0:51, start camera with fast velocity to match previous scene "lift off" and decelerate to current vel.
	- Nah. Wrong direction. Maybe with a cut matching same angle.
- Less jerky motions. Lessen the acceleration on zoom-ins.
- use kirakira_z or HanaParticle sect3
- Use clothes change in transitions? The cardigan-less look on Eru is yeee
	- Oops I need to edit the models for that. (Eru needs bare arms filled in under cardigan)
- Add MME FX?
- Need to watch whole thing through more rather than AB repeating small sections. Losing sight of overall feel by tunnel visioning.

### Issues:
- Middle section in general feels a bit restless. Use more no motion or minimal motion shots.
- First section has a lot of excessively fast zooms

### Subtitle notes:
- Some kind of interesting kfx for rhythmically interesting parts?
	- Eg `ああ、好きだよ、好きだよ、好きだよって伝えたい`
	- Kind of a pain in the ass.

### TODOS:
- KFX the title subs with some syl fx. Shiny slide fadein?
	- Dissolve away into white dust/glitter?
	- Nah. PITA with aegi
- 1:41, do I care about that one frame leg spasm?
- Update subs with new translations

### History:
- 2020/05/11 - Mostly adjusting framing and interpolation values to be less jerky. No new scenes.
- 2020/05/16 - Added camera movements for 0:55-1:11. Adjusted exposure for lighting. More interpolation changes.
- 2020/05/18 - How 2 mmd-ray. Added DoF. Lots of mmd-ray adjustments.
- 2020/05/20 - New stage. Minor vmd adjustments. Lighting adjustments. Accidentally removed all interpolation...
- 2020/05/21 - Add second stage. Add cam movements 1:11-1:51. Unlimited Lighting Works. Add particle fx. Readd accidentally removed interpolation.
- 2020/05/22 - 1:51-2:15 cam movement. Add third stage. Doing _something_ from 2:15-2:22... Fixed a bunch of weird bone positions on Eru. Lots of small tweaks.
- 2020/05/24 - That 2:15 thing was never gonna work rip. Fixed weird clothes physics bug. More camera interpolation. Clean up. Many (failed) attempts at MME FX.
- 2020/05/25 - Finish up first iteration of camera motions. Last 30 seconds needs a lot more refining. The lighting never ends.
- 2020/05/26 - Smooth out a ton of motions. General cleanup and fine adjustments.
- 2020/05/27 - Fixed some issues. Made third section a bit less restless. Got a basic workflow for adding kfx layer.
- 2020/05/28 - Lots of VirtualDub fuckery. Add subtitles/credits via kfx.
- 2020/05/31 - Fix rest of weird motions. Add Wotamin credits. Aegisub is pain.
