projects/Reimu_Parasuteraru/README.md, before:

# Reimu Parastellar 

## Notes
- Map export: (2970, 1830)(3400,2150)
- Sections:
	- Intro    -  8m   (0:00)
		- Rhythmic with music
	- BridgA   -  8m   (0:17)
		- Stage pans
	- A Sect   - 16m   (0:32)
		- Stuff here
	- BridgeB  -  8m   (1:02)
		- Slower
	- Chorus1  - 16m   (1:17)
		- Change stage position. Make more rhythmic
	- BridgeA2 -  8m   (1:47)
		- Slower
	- A' Sect  - 16m   (2:02)
	- Chorus2  - 16m   (2:32)
	- B Sect   - 16+1m (3:02)
	- Chorus1' - 16m   (3:34)
	- C Sect   - 12m   (4:04)
	- Outro/BridgeA' - 8m (4:26)

## Ideas
- Change time of day with music? Could be a neat effect.

## Todo/Issues
- All the clothes clipping
- Black hole in sleeves
- Redo lip sync?
- Find more/better transitions.
- Need to replace jungle leaves texture
- Need to replace rose bush texture
- Desat at 0:46 a bit too noticeable
- Remove visible lights


## History
- 3/18/21 - render.2-a - Refine motions for Chorus1. Reposition stage A sect. Add transition fx to bridgeA2
 		  - render.2   - Add motions for chorus1
- 3/17/21 - render.1-e - Add desaturation from intro w/ resaturation in rhythm.
		  - render.1-d - Cam movements up to 2nd chorus. ~1:15. Fix visible point/sphere/dir lights
	      - render.1-c - Remove croquis. Add up to ~1:00 of cam movement
          - render.1-b - Try croquis
          - render.1-a - Add postmovie fx. Slight vignetting. More render/shader tweaks.
- 3/16/21 - render.1   - Create workaround for bad mineways texture exports (RCA?). Add ~20 seconds of camera motions. Adjust lighting/shading/materials.
- 3/15/21 - Create Hakurei shrine stage

Commit message:

Blender stuff to rework stage.

projects/Reimu_Parasuteraru/README.md, after:

# Reimu Parastellar 

## Notes
- Map export: (2970, 1830)(3400,2150)
- Sections:
	- Intro    -  8m   (0:00)
		- Rhythmic with music
	- BridgA   -  8m   (0:17)
		- Stage pans
	- A Sect   - 16m   (0:32)
		- Stuff here
	- BridgeB  -  8m   (1:02)
		- Slower
	- Chorus1  - 16m   (1:17)
		- Change stage position. Make more rhythmic
	- BridgeA2 -  8m   (1:47)
		- Slower
	- A' Sect  - 16m   (2:02)
	- Chorus2  - 16m   (2:32)
	- B Sect   - 16+1m (3:02)
	- Chorus1' - 16m   (3:34)
	- C Sect   - 12m   (4:04)
	- Outro/BridgeA' - 8m (4:26)
- Blender stuff:
	- export jmc2obj or mineways
	- import blender
	- Update heads with [MPHT](https://github.com/TheWeirdSquid/Minecraft-Player-Head-Tools)
	- Fix banner textures - possibly manually?
	- MCPrep
	- Export to PMX
	- Import into PmxEditor, export as .
	- Need to find better textures

## Ideas
- Change time of day with music? Could be a neat effect.

## Todo/Issues
- All the clothes clipping
- Black hole in sleeves
- Redo lip sync?
- Find more/better transitions.
- Need to replace jungle leaves texture
- Need to replace rose bush texture
- Desat at 0:46 a bit too noticeable
- Remove visible lights
- Some textures are default. Find other 512x to merge 
- Prob need to fork blpymeshio and update for blender 2.8x

## History
- 3/21/21 - render.2-d - Slight edits to model movement to smoothen out robotic looks.
- 3/20/21 - render.2-c - New stage with jmc2obj. Needs more work.
- 3/19/21 - render.2-b - smth
- 3/18/21 - render.2-a - Refine motions for Chorus1. Reposition stage A sect. Add transition fx to bridgeA2
 		  - render.2   - Add motions for chorus1
- 3/17/21 - render.1-e - Add desaturation from intro w/ resaturation in rhythm.
		  - render.1-d - Cam movements up to 2nd chorus. ~1:15. Fix visible point/sphere/dir lights
	      - render.1-c - Remove croquis. Add up to ~1:00 of cam movement
          - render.1-b - Try croquis
          - render.1-a - Add postmovie fx. Slight vignetting. More render/shader tweaks.
- 3/16/21 - render.1   - Create workaround for bad mineways texture exports (RCA?). Add ~20 seconds of camera motions. Adjust lighting/shading/materials.
- 3/15/21 - Create Hakurei shrine stage
